Add DeepSeek-V4-Flash intra-node 3P1D and GLM-5.2 4x tp=2 SGLang examples (#1166)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: examples/inference/sglang/dsv4flash-b300-intra-3p1d/README.md

  correct failure semantics — a half-alive PD group can't serve anyway.
- **No PD at all** — if you just want N independent engines on a node, one-engine-per-pod is the native shape; see [`glm5.2-b300-tp2-dp4`](../glm5.2-b300-tp2-dp4).

## Deploy

```bash
kubectl apply -f dsv4flash-pd-deploy.yaml
kubectl rollout status deploy/dsv4flash-intra-pd
```

Targets a `p6-b300.48xlarge` node (`nodeAffinity` in the manifest matches both the bare EKS `p6-b300.48xlarge` and the HyperPod `ml.p6-b300.48xlarge` instance-type label).

The **one** thing you must set per environment is the NVMe `hostPath` near the bottom of the manifest — the local disk is mounted at a different path on each AMI (`/opt/dlami/nvme/...` on HyperPod, `/mnt/k8s-disks/0/...` on self-managed EKS). The default is HyperPod's.

The router exposes an OpenAI-compatible endpoint on `dsv4flash-router:30080` (`ClusterIP`) — port-forward to call it:

```bash
kubectl port-forward svc/dsv4flash-router 30080:30080
curl http://localhost:30080/v1/completions \
  -H 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  -d '{"model": "deepseek-ai/DeepSeek-V4-Flash", "prompt": "The capital of France is", "max_tokens": 32}'
```

> Tear down with `kubectl delete -f dsv4flash-pd-deploy.yaml`.

Reviewer: **Missing trailing newline (nit)** — same here:

```suggestion
Tear down with `kubectl delete -f dsv4flash-pd-deploy.yaml`.
```

So the rule of thumb encoded by this repo's samples:

- **PD split across pods/nodes** — correct when the pods are connected by RDMA(EFA); see [`kimi2.6-h200-1p1d`](../kimi2.6-h200-1p1d), where prefill and decode are separate StatefulSets.
- **PD within one node, no RDMA between engines** — the engines must live in one container that owns all 8 GPUs, as here. The pod is still a single
  schedulable, restartable unit: the liveness probe ANDs the `/health` of **all four engines**, so if any engine dies the whole group restarts together
  (`strategy: Recreate`). The router does health-check around a dead prefill, but that leaves the pod serving at reduced capacity with no path back to
  full — and a dead decode leaves nothing to route to at all — so any dead engine triggers a group restart (at the cost of the ~30 min cold start).
  Readiness stays on the foreground engine only, so a dying background engine doesn't cut traffic before the restart lands.
- **No PD at all** — if you just want N independent engines on a node, one-engine-per-pod is the native shape; see [`glm5.2-b300-tp2-dp4`](../glm5.2-b300-tp2-dp4).

## Deploy

> **Pre-stage the weights first (recommended)** — this pod runs **four** engine processes that all load the same model from the node's HF cache; without pre-staging, the cold start begins with the decode engine downloading the full weights before anything else can proceed:

Reviewer: ### Pre-staging is effectively required, not just recommended

The Deploy section labels pre-staging **(recommended)**, but the manifest's decode wait-loop hard-exits after `240 × 5s = 20 min` (`dsv4flash-pd-deploy.yaml` L482–491), and on a cold cache the decode engine must pull the full ~160 GB before that loop can pass. On a throttled HF link a first `kubectl apply` without pre-staging can exceed the 20-min bound and the pod will restart.

It does self-heal — `nvme-hf` is a node-local `hostPath` so the partial download survives, `strategy: Recreate` + `replicas: 1` relands on the same node, and `snapshot_download` resumes — so it's "restart a few times while the node cache fills," not a permanent CrashLoopBackOff. Still, calling pre-staging **required** for this sample makes the happy path the documented one:

```suggestion
**Pre-stage the weights first (required for this sample)** — this pod runs **four** engine processes that all load the same model from the node's HF cache; the decode engine's startup wait-loop gives up after 20 min, so on a cold cache the full weights must download first or the pod restarts until the node cache fills:
```
